Auth: Passwordless Login Option Using Magic Links (#95436)
grafana/grafana: emails/templates/passwordless_verify_new_user.txt

[[HiddenSubject .Subject "Welcome to Grafana, please complete your signup!"]]

Hi,

> Copy and paste the confirmation code in the login form to verify your email address. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Copy and paste the email verification code:
[[.ConfirmationCode]]

> in the in the login form to verify your email address. This confirmation code will expire in {{ .Expire }} minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the sign up form to verify your email address. This confirmation code will expire in {{ .Expire }} minutes. 
```
